Casino Project README

by Nick Ek, Ethan Secakusuma, Shawn Brutus, Zeb Pepin, Marcelo Tenorio, Kyler Hoang

Table of Contents:
    Introduction
    Features
    Technologies Used
    Installation
    Run
    Contact


Introduction
    Welcome to the Casino Project! This is a comprehensive README file that provides an overview of the Casino Project
    and explains how to set it up and use it. The Casino Project is a virtual casino application that allows users to
    enjoy popular casino games from the comfort of their own homes.


Features
    Blackjack: Play the classic card game against an AI dealer.
    Roulette: Test your luck with this popular spinning wheel game.
    Slot Machines: Pull the lever and try your luck at the slot machines.
    HighLowEqual: Draw a card from a deck and guess higher or lower.
    Account Management: Users can create accounts, log in, and manage their profiles.
    Virtual Currency: Players can use virtual currency to play games and earn more by winning.
    User Authentication: Secure user data with authentication and authorization.


Technologies Used
    Coding Language: Python
    Interpreter: PyCharm
    Database: SQLite3
    GUI: TKinter


Installation
    Clone the repository from GitHub:
        git clone https://github.com/nickek/Casino.git
    Set up a virtual environment (optional but recommended):
        python3 -m venv venv
        source venv/bin/activate
        On Windows, use: venv\Scripts\activate


Run main.py:
    After running the main code you should be prompted with a GUI login system:
        Create a new account or log in with your existing credentials.
            * Note: The entire user database will print out in the terminal, if you would like to see all credentials
                    (For testing purposes only)
    After logging in, you should be prompted with the main code options, as well as see your user information:
        1. Choose a game from the list of available games and start playing.
        2. DEMO function to save your data.
        3. User options, where you can change any attributes from your specific user.
        4. Exit the program


Contact
    If you have any questions or feedback, feel free to contact the project maintainer:
    Name: Nick Ek
    Email: ekn@wit.edu
    GitHub: https://github.com/nickek/